Docs: add sections on JVM heap dumps (#4551)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/orchestrating-elastic-stack-applications/enterprise-search.asciidoc

    elasticsearch.password: my-password
    elasticsearch.ssl.enabled: true
----

[id="{p}-enterprise-search-troubleshoot"]
== Troubleshooting

[id="{p}-enterprise-search-jvm-heap-dump"]
=== Capture a JVM heap dump

> For advanced troubleshooting it can be necessary to capture a JVM heap dump. The Enterprise Search Docker image is by default not configured to run with a data volume by the ECK operator. You can however write a heap dump to the `tmp` directory Enterprise Search uses. Please note that your heap dump will be lost if you do not manage to extract it before the container restarts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For advanced troubleshooting you might need to capture a JVM heap dump. By default, the Enterprise Search Docker image is not configured to run with a data volume by the ECK operator. However, you can write a heap dump to the `tmp` directory that Enterprise Search uses. Note that your heap dump will be lost if you do not extract it before the container restarts.
```
